our next guest is one of the funniest
Fred's on earth you know I'm from
anchorman waiting for guffman and Best
in Show his latest endeavor is a very
interesting improv talk show called
trust us with your life you can watch
you tuesdays at nine on ABC please
welcome Fred Willard
Greg the things we're modifying that the
funniest Fred's one of the funniest
Fred's you are one of the funniest men
on earth I will go so far as to say that
it's great to see you how have you been
it's always find it the fun to be here
I've been fine you know but um you know
I hear a baseball fan I am a baseball
man you ever collect baseball cards I do
yes I did Oh Mike do you still have them
I have a few of them my mom and they
kind of got dispersed to the younger
members of my family so that you know
and then they disappeared yeah my mom
threw threw mine out night I started
collecting it but it did you I don't
know you saw in the paper where they
thought they found in an attic some
man's grandfather had put away cards
from 1910 just put them in a bar yeah
and they got him out the thing is
they're in mint condition which means
that it looks like they were brand new
that's a fantasy I always had that yeah
when they found like a Honus Wagner or a
Honda swag every day at him but they had
that's worth like four million oh how
does wagon but these are gonna sell the
thing is what they do they take cards
today they put them in plastic folders I
can't you got to hold the cards look
more I got this they got gather yeah but
anyway I always had a fantasy that some
old lady living on my block would say
mr. Willard i found this cardboard box
my husband had these cards and you look
through them and oh you don't know
whether you tell her they're expensive
right I think I'd have to sharpen that I
also had a fantasy that her niece would
call me and say listen mom goes to sleep
come on over we're up ahead that's a
fantasy I don't talk about really huh
did you it slipped yes did you have your
uh you have a great Christmas party
which i attended once yeah and you also
want I think once told me about your
fourth of July party which sounds
fantastic so well I'm very traditional I
love you know it's kind of a fun party
but we have the kids get up the more and
more kids are in you've grown up there
and then we could happen to have a
little pageant and they redo quotes and
and you didn't come to our fourth of
July no I wasn't invited but in fact i
was invited to your christmas party one
time and then every time you're on the
show i remind you that i would like to
again be invited and it never does the
invitation come I missin I thought it
was like a you know a production that
you came you or he was a personal
appearance no no no you don't have to
pay me anything I got all come from free
frankly I'm almost embarrassed when you
mentioned I was so impressed it's
embarrassing yeah I was impressed that
you can Jimmy came we invite him yeah
but uh they never invite him again I
love the parade though that you have at
your your July Ford you have like a
parade of a train we're and people march
around and then march around the
penicillin I'll invite you we have a
bird I'll have a birthday party invite
you the invitation said no gifts but
ignore that okay you go ahead